299 note EBS autoscaling deletion shortcomings on AWS batch CE page, FAQ (#300)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/faqs.md

## Amazon

### EBS 

**<p data-question>Q: EBS Autoscaling: Why do some EBS volumes remain active after their associated jobs have completed?</p>**

> The EBS autoscaling solution relies upon an AWS-provided script running on each container host. This script performs AWS EC2 API requests to delete EBS volumes when the jobs using those volumes have been completed. When running very large Batch clusters (around 10 000 vCPUs or more), EC2 API rate limits may cause the deletion of unattached EBS volumes to fail. Volumes that remain active after Nextflow jobs have completed will incur additional costs, and should therefore be manually deleted. You can monitor your AWS account for any orphaned EBS volumes via the EC2 console, or with a Lambda function. See [here](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/controlling-your-aws-costs-by-deleting-unused-amazon-ebs-volumes/) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The EBS autoscaling solution relies upon an AWS-provided script running on each container host. This script performs AWS EC2 API requests to delete EBS volumes when the jobs using those volumes have been completed. When running large Batch clusters (hundreds of compute nodes or more), EC2 API rate limits may cause the deletion of unattached EBS volumes to fail. Volumes that remain active after Nextflow jobs have been completed will incur additional costs and should therefore be manually deleted. You can monitor your AWS account for any orphaned EBS volumes via the EC2 console or with a Lambda function. See [here](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/controlling-your-aws-costs-by-deleting-unused-amazon-ebs-volumes/) for more information.
```

> The EBS autoscaling solution relies upon an AWS-provided script running on each container host. This script performs AWS EC2 API requests to delete EBS volumes when the jobs using those volumes have been completed. When running large Batch clusters (hundreds of compute nodes or more), EC2 API rate limits may cause the deletion of unattached EBS volumes to fail. Volumes that remain active after Nextflow jobs have been completed will incur additional costs and should therefore be manually deleted. You can monitor your AWS account for any orphaned EBS volumes via the EC2 console or with a Lambda function. See [here](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/controlling-your-aws-costs-by-deleting-unused-amazon-ebs-volumes/) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The EBS autoscaling solution relies on an AWS-provided script running on each container host. This script performs AWS EC2 API requests to delete EBS volumes when the jobs using those volumes have been completed. When running large Batch clusters (hundreds of compute nodes or more), EC2 API rate limits may cause the deletion of unattached EBS volumes to fail. Volumes that remain active after Nextflow jobs have been completed will incur additional costs and should therefore be manually deleted. You can monitor your AWS account for any orphaned EBS volumes via the EC2 console or with a Lambda function. See [here](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/controlling-your-aws-costs-by-deleting-unused-amazon-ebs-volumes/) for more information.
```
